


    This article mainly introduces two architectures or frameworks that are trying to standardize the world
of internet of things. Also, at the end of this article, it also introduces a security framework respects to
to one of the framework introduced in the article. Also this text take a lot of efforts elabrating the importance 
of internet of things, but those will not appear in this review. Since both of us understands the significance
of IoTs.

    There are tree reasons of why an IoT architecture can be beneificial.   
        > It offers network manager a view of completeness and a checklist of evaluation of the functionalities.
        > It provides guidance to developers as to which functions are needed in an IoT and how they work
          together.
        > It can serve as a framework of standardization.

    The first framework, ITU-T IoT Reference Model, is developed by ITU-T (Telecommunication Standardization Sector 
of the International Telecommunication Union). It goes into details of physical components of the IoT ecosystem. An 
important note to this model is that "the IoT is in fact not a network of physical things, rather it is a network 
that drives physical things, together with application platforms." But before understanding this model, we need to 
look at how this model defines each component.

        > Communication Network: infrastructure network connects devices and apps.

        > Thing: an object that is capable of being identified and integrated into communication networks.

        > Device: an equipment with mandatory capability of communication and optional capabilities of sensing data.
            -> Data-capturing Device: A reader or writer that interacts with physical things, interaction happen indirectly 
               via data carrying devices. 
          +-
          | -> Data-carrying Device: A device attached to a physical things to indirectly connect to the physical thing 
          |    like a RFID tags.
          |
          | -> Data carrier: Battery free data carrying objects attacjed to a physical thing can provide information to a 
          |    suitable data capturing device. like QR code or bar code.
          |
          |    Note* Data-carrying device and data carrier devices are different in this model. The former has as the
          |          capability of communication, but the latter is just like a physical tag, say QR code
          +-

        > Sensors

        > Actuating device: A device converts digital electronic signals from the information networks into operations
        
        > General Device: A device has embedded processing unit and communication capabilities, like smartphones.
        
        > Gateway: A unit in the IoT that interconnects the device with the communication networks as a protocol translator
            -> It supports a variety of device access technologies (protocal translation)
            -> It supports necessary netwokring technologies for both local and wide-area networking (protocal translation)
            -> It supports interaction with applications, provides higher-level functionaloty on behalf of IoT devices

        Also radio frequency, infrared, optical, and galvanic driving are used for interaction between data capturing device 
        and data-carrying device, 
        
        * "An example is implanted medical devices that use the conductive properties of the body. In implant-to-surface 
          communication, galvanic coupling sends signals from an implanted device to electrodes on the skin. This scheme uses 
          very little power and reduces the size and complexity of the implanted device."
        
        Below is a general view of all the components together.

        TODO: insert figure 2

        Below is a technical overview of the ITU-T IoT system.
        
        TODO: insert figure 3

    This model also illustrates three possibilities of communication among devices:
        > communication via gateway
        > using communication network without the gateway
        > communicate directly with each other through a local network




