for each work you read 
    what is the single most important point you’re impressed with.  
    which work is the best to inspire us on security and privacy of IoT?  Why


Secure Routing in Wireless Sensor Networks: Attacks and Countermeasures
    It gave me a big picture of the vulnerabilities in WSN. What I am impressed the most
    is how can adversaries can use the system feature against the system. An example would be
    routing algorithm can be exploit by convincing a group of node that a compromised node has
    the fastest route to the base station, like the worm holes attack and sinkhole attacks.

    I think this literature is an essential checklist for our project, so we can answer question
    such as how can I protect the system from this kind of attacks


They can hear your heartbeat: Non-Invasive Security For implantable Medical Devices
    This article showed a very interesting non-intrusive resolution for a single peace maker device.
    The most amazing point I took from that is they cure ills with poison. Radio Jammer, an illegal 
    device is used to shield the device from receiving commands from adversaries as well as prevent
    adversaries from decoding the signal transmitted from the peacemaker. The take away is maybe we
    can exploit the technique used by adversaries to protect devices against them.

    I think this paper is a big deal for our new research project. Because our research project is 
    about building devices to protect single devices as well. And this radio jammer sort of act 
    like a firewall, in this sense.


The Internet Protocol Journal Volume 18, Number 4
    This article gives two examples of IoT frameworks. One from a detailed level, and another one in an
    abstract level. The most important concept for me is the fog computing, which is similar to the cloud,
    but run like a flow production line. So at each layer, the burden of processing data can be relieved,
    which distribute the intelligence, but also does not require too much computing power from lower level
    IoT device.

    In terms of our project, it is crucial for us to understand the general architecture of IoT before we
    protect it. For our project, our solution it might be architecture dependant, however, we need to know
    how is our solution going to work with various IoT architecture, so this paper is a good start.

Securing the Internet of Things: A Proposed Framework
    This article presented IoT security challenges and a high level security framework respects the second
    architecture presented in the Internet Protocol Journal. It is hard to find a single point I am really
    impressed about, because there are a lot of overlapping content.

    For our research, I think it is good to have an idea about several security framework, since we are not
    building a framework, we need to know where we are in the big spectrum.
        
